Hello Guys welcome to this video you are now almost done with the blog.
OK now it's time to talk about some other things.
Comments for those of you guys who are new to WordPress.
I'm about to comment to the few who know how to respond to a comment.
How come it's delivered.
OK so in this video I will show you how.
OK.
Let's log out of our panel first.
Because on your blog it would only show the comment box do not show that users will see OK someone refresh.
Now you will see this board will also be removed.
Ok this one is only for the administrators.
When you are logged in this body will all be visible then.
OK so that is very efficient.
OK.
Awesome.
You can see this.
This is the view that you will see.
This is the blog that you really see OK.
All right.
So this is it.
You can see this is me.
If you don't want it to show here OK you're getting closer.
It is also showing you right now.
But if you wanted to completely disable it to show on the front end what you to do is go to the settings
of this tsunami and to go to the settings you have.
You need to be logged in but let's see if it the place settings.
No we can go to the settings we can go to settings.
OK.
We have to be signed in.
Then you will go to the settings by clicking on the lake on the set.
Settings there will be an option of showing it here or not.
OK just disable that option it is very easy.
But if you don't find that up here just let me know.
I will show you how to do that.
OK but very easy I know you will do that but just go to settings and find the option.
And there will be option of turning this off.
OK.
So let's work on the comments.
So this is how I use to really comment on other boards.
For that you want to comment on this post.
All he need to do is write his name.
So I'm going to write my name for them and I'm going to write my e-mail and I'm going to write my reps.
Right now that's the way it is.
This is optional.
OK.
If you want friend don't ride up to him or her OK.
Right.
Decremental I'm going to say this is a great post.
Most common
case is going to post Dickerman.
Ok poor common is dumb.
OK so now let's log in.
Whoops.
You know you know when
Ok.
Now you can see comments.
We have one this one.
There is one comment.
OK.
When I click on it you will see the command.
This is how we see the comments that Edwin Dickerman.
You know we have a lot of options if it is a spam spam we can remove it but gradually we can get added
to this.
OK.
And we can also approve this not to get approved we have to approve the comments.
So if you want to approve it and approve this comment is approved and will be shown on our website.
So let's refresh this is in moderation.
Does it get published.
Now you can see it is published.
This is a great post.
OK.
Gaman is published and we can also reply to that comment can reply and I'm going to say
thanks buddy.
At least we can reply and refresh and now you see this is the play of that command.
So this is how we handle comments.
OK if we have any question related to comments just ask and I would reply to you to take us from watching
this video.
I will see you in the next video.